American Latino athletes presented by
McDonald's I'm Javier de agus from
Santiago Chile I'm the best freestyle
rider in Latin America right now I
started riding dirt bikes when I was 7
and started doing tricks when I was like
16 or 17 my parents in the beginning
what weren't too much into it because on
the beginning of freestyle freestyle was
all about party and booze and drugs and
now it's a more like legitimate sport
you have two kids one of them is already
right under bike he said he wants to be
the best freestyle rider in the world as
I would advice to anyone I told like
before you even start jumping you got to
be very very good on the ground
you cannot just hop into a bike and jump
and expect you to what we're doing it's
a lot of years of training behind us the
better motocross rider you are the
better freestyle rider you get the
chance to beat the more you control the
bike on the ground the more you're gonna
control it in the year the first event I
did a 3 so I had a big big crash getting
hurt it's always part of it and you just
got to learn to stand up every single
time you crash it it doesn't matter how
many times you fall it's like it makes
you stronger to send up again and go for
it I'm never thinking on the paint like
it when I get back into my bag I'm just
thinking of how much fun it is to ride
the paint it's just something that I
know eventually is gonna fade away I
know it's not gonna last forever
at the end of the day it all comes down
to the big show where Xavier pulls out
all the stops with his riding crew the
nuclear Cowboys
fighting with the nuclear Cowboys that's
the most is when you write with
many people just want to show off and
riding with everyone and doing a big
jump like we're doing today I wish I
could do it more often what's up Brian
Deegan here nuclear Cowboys is something
that we all thought of years ago we
wanted to do a theatrical show it's the
best free star in the world going out
and doing the biggest tricks and it's
exciting you know it's something we've
been doing a long time and I think it
was time it came to America and the way
it has when these are cowboys we built
it into a theatrical show and that is
the future of freestyle motocross and
live and this tour you'll usually see me
doing tricks like no other guy has ever
done and some guys in the world have
never done two so if it's not a
competition which office is a
competition about and who gets more love
from the crowd and I want to win it you
guys realize you don't come back and you
really have to go to another Cowboys the
best race of riders in the world
pyrotechnics beautiful girls dancing and
music is gonna be probably the best show
you'll ever see in your life don't miss
the chance to be there you don't want
anyone telling you about it